listen so sony set up real escape rooms
in order to trap people into watching
their new movie that's a sequel to their
2019 hit that
i personally had a bit of fun with you
know story-wise it is definitely a goofy
renter but like the title states
these flicks are all about the rooms and
the production design from met thomas
that
really makes the movie and are the
standout the sets
are kind of characters themselves and
are actually better than the characters
themselves
let me explain now in case you haven't
seen it
a full spoiler warning for the second
and that even includes the trailers that
legit spoil the whole movie that they're
trying to sell
as well as the first since this new one
begins with an lme of the previous as it
pulls a rocky and recaps everything you
need to know in the intro in under two
minutes so
you know it's a nice little two for one
pretty much there's this company out
there duping people into playing these
extreme escape games that they then
broadcast like nerve for their richest
clients
who've binged everything on streaming
and instead want to see six players
frantically solve
around six rooms in order to escape
death you know each of these rooms
represents the psychological
machinations and the really the
the trauma of each character it's all
run by the minos company that's
named after the greek god who sent boys
and girls into a labyrinth to
get in and up and these rich people get
a fight club high of seeing civilians
struggle to survive
in a weird way we hope that this they
achieve some weird catharsis by
going into the gauntlet they it's a
weird therapy session at the end of the
day you know by
by facing death again you learn to live
again
you know until they jigsaw you into
their next perilous puzzle
in fact for our entertainment the actors
themselves had to survive
as they trained for their own jump
stunts you know they were freezing in
the cold they were dunked in tanks
and the fog was basically like a giant
fishbowl where we're breathing in this
horrible atmospheric crap for days on
end
but it looked amazing legit these rooms
are so tight not even the cameraman
could get out of the frame but after
covering all the elements in the first
one they had to up the stakes for this
one
and they couldn't escape sequellitis
like spyro this one begins with a random
dude on the street robbing one of our
two survivors from the first
only to lead them into the subway set
but what sucks is that
after the first one ben had sobered up
you know homie was managing a dog shop
up in logan square
he finally shaved but poor boy can't
escape zoe's plans to get back at this
company
so of course she takes all her
conspiracies and ends up on the q train
so that makes this what tournament of
champions
what's interesting is that in my
screening they had ben say the lines so
i don't know if each showing has a
different person on the squad saying it
but
hey so what is this like a tournament of
champions
zoe gives them the 101 on what's
happening and she pulls out her phone to
get footage because
like the first one minos just doesn't
care to check but
sony definitely wants you to check out
xperia zed the first room takes place in
the train that's rigged to shock them
with more electro than amazing
spider-man 2
as we meet the new players a priest an
influencer an emt and a boxer
this was the level that they were
advertising the movie with as they used
the misspellings on the advertisements
to get out
but our first dude who doesn't even get
a name until the credits is the first to
go as he dies fast and furiously
the next level is a bank which feels
like an impossible mission to solve
until the priest decides to walk by
faith in order to figure out the
righteous path to get out
and there's also a clue hidden in the
literal blood money that they find
that'll come to play later but legit
this was the best room in my opinion
because the tension was high
the clock was ticking it had my apple
watch going off due to my heart rate
like there's a moment where rachel the
emt gets this close to the lasers and i
straight up thought she was gonna get
waffled
now like i said in the first movie they
went all out with their sets
even importing trees for the lake scene
and for the beach scene here they
brought in more sand than anakin can
handle
you know it was all practical we had 22
000 pounds of sand
you know you're aerating the sand so
that people can sink you know actors are
getting sand in their eyes scratching
their porn
they look for clues through this
polaroid camera that filters everything
into looking like a tyler music video
as the mannequin from the first movie
appears again with the key seashells by
the seashore to let them ransack through
the crab shack
that said this was the coarsest level as
they leave the priest
and ben to get indiana jones by the
quicksand after both dudes went out of
their way to save them
and all kazooie wanted to exit through
the lighthouse
we made it okay we're still in the game
the next level was completely booty
cheeks i hate this room so much
it's an in the heights escape room where
they need to hide inside the bodega in
order to avoid the acid rain
but it makes no sense whatsoever for
starters they reveal that rachel's
character can't feel
pain so she's like a cheat coat that can
just do crazy things and grab whatever
but honestly she might even be a robot
considering that in the previous level
they put a metal detector to her face
and it went off but it's the character
of brianna who was separated from them
in the last level
and so she got hit with the rain first
here and i don't even know where she was
hiding or
how the taxi didn't melt the first time
around but like she
also starts wiping things in this room
like she's made out of rain x and
i'm a sucker for these movies but
sometimes the logic really does escape
them they end up collecting acid to
unlock the lock that was
already getting acid rained on as zoey
moves on to the next level
leaving rachel and brianna to die in the
rain even though the ending of the last
one
claimed it wanted to make these rooms a
fair game well it's not a game that she
doesn't stand any chance
zoe survives and ends up in the first
final room pitched at sonya's diary
where
amanda from the first returns like han
cause
no one's ever really gone turns out that
menos forces players to
build puzzles for them and so they faked
amanda's death in the first movie
kidnapped her daughter in order for her
to create the rooms for the sequel
all based on the memories that she had
with her own daughter pretty twisted
a little overboard but it starts getting
into the themes of what this big
corporation represents
that it's just these rich people running
the world and creating a cycle of pain
that they don't just profit from
but also entertains them hunger game
style the game is designed so they
always win
they're pretty much pushing that the
whole world is an escape room you know
as strangers with different backgrounds
have to work together in order to
survive and
since the first one they have been
dropping quotes about not just observing
a system
if you want to change it in the train
scene here one of the clues comes from
an ad that reads
don't become a statistic or a
statistical improbability
because obviously the rich are ruling
everything and like the bank towel says
money makes the world turn don't let it
stop or else it all
ends and uh i've been reading about
these self-driving cars
you know and i heard that the trucking
industry is gonna be the first one to
get automated so i'm trying to just
squirt away a few nuts before the robots
come to get me
honestly they're building up this
corporation to be their illuminati hence
the bank name
as it not only controls escape rooms but
like the news
the cops and honestly free will the idea
that there are the illuminati out there
i like the idea that minos not only do
they do death rooms but they start
plagues and they topple governments and
they
create plane crashes and anything that
they can do and bet on
and have entertainment they they they
will including
using the cliche if you didn't see it it
didn't happen
in order to bring characters back no
face no case they end up in a police
station that is clearly the final
final room as the camera has the same
red dot as the ones we've seen
broadcasting prior
and just like the first left anagrams as
clues here it's on the name tag for
special agent freddie will
which obviously is free will who
mentions his colleagues up in chicago
that's how they end up on their final
final final destination that ends up
being a plane which is exactly what
minos wanted to manifest
try doing one thing that scares you over
break okay
okay just like a teacher convinced her
in the first to explore new things her
therapist in the beginning of this one
manipulated her into getting on this
plane to overcome the trauma of her
parents past
even giving her the clues for this
movie's trip escape rooms
the book was titled free will how to
stop the train of negative thinking
i saw the purse on the pen as
representing the bank and sony's diary
the painting behind her as well as the
ad on the train were both of the beach
as well as this advertisement that reads
don't get caught in the rain
call a cap and so faking mino's demise
on the news leads her to finally get on
the plane so that they can tease us
once again with a flight plan that we'll
see in the next sequel
or the next sequel next you know what
just watch wild tales because
that's the best version of this thank
you guys for watching this video i'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section
on the sequel really really escape rooms
in general you know do you like doing it
with a group
or would you rather fly solo so that
random tanner and cows don't touch
everything and
mess it up or are you one of those who
would destroy everything because you
never know when it's minos or not you
know
i'm curious to see what other deleted
scenes they may have for this one
because i know in the first
they rearranged a couple of stuff and
there was a whole literal
beginning soccer team that came and did
the actual lobby scene and
that completely got cut out i'm curious
to see you know because there are
multiple
rooms that are happening simultaneously
if they take this internationally what
else they're going to be able to build
up upon
um but i know in terms of the easter
eggs zero five two six continued to pop
up and
in further research it turns out uh
that's just the director's birthday
and he is doing he did the last
insidious and i think he's also doing
the upcoming one so
a lot more horror coming from this guy
but uh one of the last things that i
would know
from this movie is if you say to the
credits one of the funniest things i
noticed in the cycle when i went back
it's still in the first as well
is that they filmed these in south
africa and i love how they state that
they obviously
don't take any liability for the content
but they don't even support it
one of the funniest crazy credits that
i've seen i just wanted to point that
out but i'm curious to see
what you guys think of these movies i
think they've been nice little popcorn
fun movies second one not as good as the
first one but
i'm sure that they're going to expand
this to be something that's bigger than
escape rooms you know i'm sure
loomis the bank is going to be something
that's even bigger and it's going to be
controlling more things but
i'm curious to hear your theories your
thoughts anything else dealing with
these movies or other ones and until
next time don't forget to comment like
and subscribe
and you'll escape the room you're in
right now